Move rules settings to ESLint shared config: refactor await-async-query and no-await-sync-query (#260)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/await-async-query.md

> # Enforce promise from async queries to be handled (await-async-query)

Author: Just updating the description and examples to be more accurate. We probably need to do the same on the others `await-async-*` rules.

> # Enforce promise from async queries to be handled (await-async-query)

Reviewer: extremely minor comment, I think it should be plural

```suggestion
# Enforce promises from async queries to be handled (await-async-query)
```

because `queries` is plural

# Enforce promises from async queries to be handled (await-async-query)

Ensure that promises returned by async queries are handled properly.

## Rule Details

Some queries variants that Testing Library provides are
asynchronous as they return a promise which resolves when elements are
found. Those queries variants are:

- `findBy*`
- `findAllBy*`

This rule aims to prevent users from forgetting to handle the returned
promise from those async queries to be fulfilled, which could lead to
errors in the tests. The promise will be considered as handled when:

> - using `await` operator
> - chaining `then` method
> - chaining `resolves` or `rejects` from jest
> - is returned from a function (in this case, that particular function will be analyzed by this rule too)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- using the `await` operator
- chaining the `then` method
- chaining `resolves` or `rejects` from jest
- it's returned from a function (in this case, that particular function will be analyzed by this rule too)
```
